---
layout: post
title: "Paper reading"
---

[toc]

## MasQ: RDMA for Virtual Private Cloud

> 中科大 & 华为

**Core insight**: 

MasQ is that all RDMA communications should associate with at least one queue pair (QP). 

Thus, the requirements of virtualization, such as <u>network isolation</u> and the <u>application of security rules</u>, can be easily fulfilled if QP’s behavior is properly defined. 

In particular, MasQ exploits the virtio-based paravirtualization technique to realize the control path. 

> **Virtio** is a virtualization **standard** for network and disk device drivers where just the guest's device driver "knows" it is running in a virtual environment, and cooperates with the hypervisor. This enables guests to get high performance network and disk operations, and gives most of the performance benefits of paravirtualization.
>
> = similar to Xen, VMWare's Guest Tools.

> **VXLAN** (Virtual eXtensible Local Area Network) 是对传统VLAN协议的一个拓展，特点是将L2的以太网帧封装到了UDP报文中（L2 over L4），并在L3网络中传输。

Moreover, to avoid performance overhead, MasQ leaves all data path operations, such as sending and receiving, to the hardware. 

We have implemented MasQ in the OpenFabrics Enterprise Distribution (OFED) framework and proved its **scalability** and **performance efficiency** by evaluating it against typical applications. 

The results demonstrate that MasQ achieves almost the same performance as bare-metal RDMA for data communication.



> 太 RDMA-related



## Caching with Delayed Hits

> CMU

- What is DELAYED HITS: 
  - Delayed hits occur in high-throughput systems when multiple requests for the same object occur before the object is fetched from the backing store.

the traditional caching objective of hit-rate maximization and the related goal of latency minimization are not equivalent problems when some hits are delayed.



将问题建模为 Min-Cost Multi-Commodity Flow 不是很理解。

过于复杂了，虽然把这个问题抛给我我也不知道要怎么建模。



## TCP ~ RDMA





